README.md, before:

# Projects List #

:floppy_disk: List of all ever done tasks, created projects, studied algorythms, researches made, etc.

---

**2003 - 2004**

- [x] [FoxPro 2.6](projects/foxpro26/) - Collection of very old programs written in FoxPro 2.6
- [x] [Huffman coding algorythm](projects/huffman/) - archiver based on [Huffman algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huffman_coding)

**2004**

- [x] [Kassa](projects/kassa/) - Accounting of Utilities payments
- [x] [SayDolg](projects/saydolg/) - Automated Information Service - Voice server of payments for utilities
- [x] [Sklad](projects/sklad/) - Accounting of baby wear production fabric

**2005**

- [x] [Scratch](projects/scratch/) - Accounting system of electronic payment vouchers for services of mobile operators

**2006**

- [x] [Bann](projects/bann/) - Accounting of private baths administration
- [x] [DomSlugba](projects/domslugba/) - Home services accounting

**2007**

- [x] [Financial Planning](projects/fp/) - Real estate investments budget calculations, planning and accounting
- [x] [Author](projects/author/) - Royalty rights payments database management system
- [x] [Ntfs-3g](http://research.m1stereo.tv/wiki/index.php/Ntfs-3g) - **Mounting ntfs partitions in linux** - article written for `M1 Research` wiki

**2008**

- [x] [xlsCompare](projects/xlscompare/) - Excel documents comparsion tool
- [x] [ftpDownload](projects/ftpdownload/) - Simple and lightweight ftpDownloader working by schedule
- [x] [Fax2Mail](projects/fax2mail/) - Software used by service that receive faxes, converts them and send to emails
- [x] [Boards](projects/boards/) - Accounting of advertising boards

**2009**

- [x] [SMS-Diary](projects/sms-diary/) - Service of notifying parents about the progress of their children in school education

**2010**

- [x] [Aqua](projects/aqua/) - Water delivery service accounting
- [x] [Seo-Machine](projects/seo-machine/) - Smart content generation tool

**2011**

- [x] [Market](projects/market/) - Accounting of shoes shops

**2014**

- [x] :mechanic: [LVS-VMS](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/lvs-vms) - Visual diagram of OpenStack virtual hosts distribution across hypervisors

**2015**

- [x] [Wailing Wall](projects/wailing-wall/) - Digitally visualized [Western Wall](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Wall) wishes processing mechanizm

**2016**

- [x] [RateDrop](projects/ratedrop/) - Gambling Lottery
- [x] [WayOfHelp](projects/wayofhelp/) - User's relations tree visualization module
- [x] :mortar_board: [CV](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/cv) - Resume and Portfolio website template
- [x] [Roulette Predictor](projects/roulette-predictor/) - Online casino roulette analyzer and predictor
- [x] :headphones: [mp3web](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/mp3web) - Web MP3 Player and Media Library Manager
- [x] :bar_chart: [CMDB-rtm](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/cmdb-rtm) - Real-time Tasks Progress Visualized Monitoring
- [x] :hash: [Bash Files](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/bash-files) - Stack of useful .bashrc configs

**2017**

- [x] [Tracker](projects/visitors-tracker/) - Cross-site Visitors Identification and Tracking platform
- [x] :mushroom: [HTTP Error 404 Page](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/animated-error-404-page) - `HTTP Error 404 - Page Not Found` error page with Text Rotations and Social Icons

**2018**

- [x] :octocat: [Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/git-emoji-cheat-sheet)

**2019**

---

## To be defined ##

- [ ] [Galant](projects/galant/) - Haberdashery accounting
- [ ] [GSM-Accounter](projects/gsm-accounter/) - Unique accounts charging system for mobile network
- [ ] [IMS](projects/ims/) - Incidents management system
- [ ] [GameSpy Bot](projects/gsbot/) - Chat bot for IRC channels
- [ ] [Knifes](projects/knifes/) - Interactive Gambling Lottery
- [ ] [L-Mebel](projects/l-mebel/) - Furniture factory accounting system
- [ ] [Medic](projects/medic/) - Medical clinic's patients and services accounting
- [ ] [MailParse](projects/mailparse/) - Emails parsing system
- [ ] [Tower](projects/tower/) - Restaurants accounting
- [ ] [Urgent](projects/urgent/) - Notifications management platform
- [ ] [WCL](projects/wcl/) - World Cossackers League


---

:scorpius:

Commit message:

:tokyo_tower: Added `tower-strike` project

README.md, after:

# Projects List #

:floppy_disk: List of all ever done tasks, created projects, studied algorythms, researches made, etc.

---

**2003 - 2004**

- [x] [FoxPro 2.6](projects/foxpro26/) - Collection of very old programs written in FoxPro 2.6
- [x] [Huffman coding algorythm](projects/huffman/) - an implementation of archiver based on [Huffman algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huffman_coding)

**2004**

- [x] [Kassa](projects/kassa/) - Accounting of Utilities payments
- [x] [SayDolg](projects/saydolg/) - Automated Information Service - Voice server of payments for utilities
- [x] [Sklad](projects/sklad/) - Accounting of baby wear production fabric

**2005**

- [x] [Scratch](projects/scratch/) - Accounting system of electronic payment vouchers for services of mobile operators

**2006**

- [x] [Bann](projects/bann/) - Accounting of private baths administration
- [x] [DomSlugba](projects/domslugba/) - Home services accounting

**2007**

- [x] [Financial Planning](projects/fp/) - Real estate investments budget calculations, planning and accounting
- [x] [Author](projects/author/) - Royalty rights payments database management system
- [x] [Ntfs-3g](http://research.m1stereo.tv/wiki/index.php/Ntfs-3g) - **Mounting ntfs partitions in linux** - article written for `M1 Research` wiki

**2008**

- [x] [xlsCompare](projects/xlscompare/) - Excel documents comparsion tool
- [x] [ftpDownload](projects/ftpdownload/) - Simple and lightweight ftpDownloader working by schedule
- [x] [Fax2Mail](projects/fax2mail/) - Software used by service that receive faxes, converts them and send to emails
- [x] [Boards](projects/boards/) - Accounting of advertising boards

**2009**

- [x] [SMS-Diary](projects/sms-diary/) - Service of notifying parents about the progress of their children in school education

**2010**

- [x] [Aqua](projects/aqua/) - Water delivery service accounting
- [x] [Seo-Machine](projects/seo-machine/) - Smart content generation tool

**2011**

- [x] [Market](projects/market/) - Accounting of shoes shops

**2014**

- [x] :mechanic: [LVS-VMS](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/lvs-vms) - Visual diagram of OpenStack virtual hosts distribution across hypervisors

**2015**

- [x] :six_pointed_star: [Wailing Wall](projects/wailing-wall/) - Digitally visualized [Western Wall](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Wall) wishes processing mechanizm

**2016**

- [x] [RateDrop](projects/ratedrop/) - Gambling Lottery
- [x] [WayOfHelp](projects/wayofhelp/) - User's relations tree visualization module
- [x] :mortar_board: [CV](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/cv) - Resume and Portfolio website template
- [x] :game_die: [Roulette Predictor](projects/roulette-predictor/) - Online casino roulette analyzer and predictor
- [x] :headphones: [mp3web](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/mp3web) - Web MP3 Player and Media Library Manager
- [x] :bar_chart: [CMDB-rtm](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/cmdb-rtm) - Real-time Tasks Progress Visualized Monitoring
- [x] :hash: [Bash Files](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/bash-files) - Stack of useful .bashrc configs

**2017**

- [x] :tokyo_tower: [Tower Strike](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/tower-strike) - Simulator of a game where the goal is to kill the enemies by using a tower
- [x] [Tracker](projects/visitors-tracker/) - Cross-site Visitors Identification and Tracking platform
- [x] :mushroom: [HTTP Error 404 Page](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/animated-error-404-page) - `HTTP Error 404 - Page Not Found` error page with Text Rotations and Social Icons

**2018**

- [x] :octocat: [Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/tbaltrushaitis/git-emoji-cheat-sheet)

**2019**

---

## To be defined ##

- [ ] [Galant](projects/galant/) - Haberdashery accounting
- [ ] [GSM-Accounter](projects/gsm-accounter/) - Unique accounts charging system for mobile network
- [ ] [IMS](projects/ims/) - Incidents management system
- [ ] [GameSpy Bot](projects/gsbot/) - Chat bot for IRC channels
- [ ] [Knifes](projects/knifes/) - Interactive Gambling Lottery
- [ ] [L-Mebel](projects/l-mebel/) - Furniture factory accounting system
- [ ] [Medic](projects/medic/) - Medical clinic's patients and services accounting
- [ ] [MailParse](projects/mailparse/) - Emails parsing system
- [ ] [Tower](projects/tower/) - Restaurants accounting
- [ ] [Urgent](projects/urgent/) - Notifications management platform
- [ ] [WCL](projects/wcl/) - World Cossackers League


---

:scorpius:
